It is a truth universally acknowledged that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife.
My dear Mr. Bennet said his lady to him one day have you heard that Netherfield Park is let at last?
But it is returned she; for Mrs. Long has just been here and she told me all about it.
Do you not want to know who has taken it? cried his wife impatiently.
You want to tell me and I have no objection to hearing it.
A single man of large fortune; four or five thousand a year.
My dear Mr. Bennet replied his wife how can you be so tiresome!
You must know that I am thinking of his marrying one of them.
I certainly have had my share of beauty but I do not pretend to be anything extraordinary now.
When a woman has five grown-up daughters she ought to give over thinking of her own beauty.
Many times did I take up my pen to write it and many did I lay it down again not knowing what to write.
Also my book must do without sonnets at the beginning at least sonnets whose authors are dukes marquises counts bishops ladies or famous poets.
Hence the cogitation and abstraction you found me in and reason enough what you have heard from me.
Hearing this my friend giving himself a slap on the forehead and breaking into a hearty laugh exclaimed
By my faith this comes not of any want of ability but of too much indolence and too little knowledge of life.
Do you want to know if I am telling the truth?
If you speak of evil thoughts turn to the Gospel: De corde exeunt cogitationes malae.
If of the fickleness of friends there is Cato who will give you his distich:
Donec eris felix multos numerabis amicos Tempora si fuerint nubila solus eris.
With regard to adding annotations at the end of the book you may safely do it in this way.
Since then we have brushed or scratched (I do not know which one) the wall and the inscription has disappeared.
For that is how we have been acting for two hundred years now with the marvelous churches of the Middle Ages.
Mutilations come to them from all sides, from within as well as from outside.
The priest brushes them the architect scratches them then the people comes who demolishes them.
This is not, however, a day whose history has been remembered until January 6, 1482.
Nothing remarkable in the event which thus set in motion the bells and bourgeois of Paris in the morning.
Neither was the frequent occurrence in the fifteenth century of some embroidered and embroidered embassy.
Everyone had sided who for the bonfire who for that may for the mystery.
The shouts, the laughter, the stamping of the thousand feet made a great noise and a great clamor.
Certainly it was a sad game. When in Paris Dame Justice For having eaten too much spice She put the whole palace on fire.
